Mira's going left to right in all white
uniforms and gold helmets Rhys looks
throws open receiver
first down waiting for a signal
touchdown Notre Dame it appears it is
only took 10 seconds to give it to him
but Penn Koryak makes his first catch of
the year for a touchdown first touchdown
as a Notre Dame player
I'm gonna blitz every down now Arizona
State here they come again
Reese takes a look great blocking by
Notre Dame reflux flow to the end zone
caught by Notre Dame take it in by tight
in Troy necklace
21 yards it was all reason and a jump
ball the troy necklace
down by three here comes the run throw
downfield it is picked off by Notre Dame
intercepted the Irish heaven running it
back and all the way across the field
going out of bounds at the far side Nick
rush
brinda gets it away beautifully a high
punt coming up - fair catch it the ball
takes a Notre Dame roll inside the five
and it's downed at the one-yard line
as Kelly he drops here comes the rush
Kelly's hit throws intercepted Notre
Dame's going to take it in gets over the
Swift Dan five the knockout punch comes
with 108 to play and the Irish as an
underdog have sealed yet another
shamrock series victory
I love the EPI a love I love the fact
that you gave us everything you had
every ounce of what you had he gave us
and that's what we love about you as a
group now if you wouldn't mind it would
be nice if we could find a way not to
make these things as close and that
means let's hey let's keep in mind we
got little things that we got to
continue to work on right we all know
that your forward - you played six weeks
in a row six weeks in a row against four
ranked teams okay we didn't talked about
that then I say one thing about it it's
not what time did I get in front of you
on a Monday I said to you on Monday do
the ordinary things right I didn't go
around saying all we got six weeks in a
row
we don't feel sorry for ourselves around
here that's a schedule at Notre Dame
that's what you play we got six more six
weeks and within that time we want to
work to get better each and every week
is that clear